# iris.keybind.wireframe
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.iris.keybind.wireframe=Unknown
# key.tacz.refit.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.refit.desc=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.sprint
controllerx.action.inGame.sprint=LeftStickClick
# controllerx.action.inGame.swapHands
controllerx.action.inGame.swapHands=X
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.open_backpack
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.openBackpack=Unknown
# iris.keybind.toggleShaders
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.iris.keybind.toggleshaders=Unknown
# key.jade.config
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.jade.config=Unknown
# key.plane_throttle_down.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planeThrottleDown.desc=Unknown
# railways.keyinfo.cycle_menu
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.railways.keyinfo.cycleMenu=Unknown
# Toggle Cinematic Camera
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.smoothcamera=Unknown
# key.tacz.open_config.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.openConfig.desc=Unknown
# key.taczplus.lean_left
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.taczplus.leanLeft=Unknown
# key.createbigcannons.pitch_mode
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.createbigcannons.pitchMode=Unknown
# iris.keybind.shaderPackSelection
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.iris.keybind.shaderpackselection=Unknown
# Social Interactions Screen
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.socialinteractions=Unknown
# key.taczplus.lean_right
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.taczplus.leanRight=Unknown
# key.flansmod.manual_reload
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.flansmod.manualReload=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.dropItem
controllerx.action.inGame.dropItem=DpadDown
# key.plane_throttle_up.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planeThrottleUp.desc=Unknown
# keyinfo.copycats.fill_copycat
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keyinfo.copycats.fillCopycat=Unknown
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.tool_swap
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toolSwap=Unknown
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggle_upgrade_1
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggleUpgrade1=Unknown
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggle_upgrade_2
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggleUpgrade2=Unknown
# key.createarmory.reload_key
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.createarmory.reloadKey=Unknown
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggle_upgrade_5
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggleUpgrade5=Unknown
# key.tacz.shoot.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.shoot.desc=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.openInventory
controllerx.action.inGame.openInventory=Y
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggle_upgrade_3
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggleUpgrade3=Unknown
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggle_upgrade_4
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.toggleUpgrade4=Unknown
# key.taczplus.focus
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.taczplus.focus=Unknown
# key.valkyrienskies.ship_cruise
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.valkyrienskies.shipCruise=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.selectLeft
controllerx.action.inGame.selectLeft=LeftShoulder
# key.taczplus.deadeye
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.taczplus.deadeye=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.movePlayer
controllerx.action.inGame.movePlayer=LeftStick
# Save Hotbar Activator
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.savetoolbaractivator=Unknown
# key.jade.narrate
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.jade.narrate=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.showPlayerList
controllerx.action.inGame.showPlayerList=DpadLeft
# controllerx.action.inGame.sneak
controllerx.action.inGame.sneak=RightStickClick
# key.pointblack.inspect
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.pointblack.inspect=Unknown
# create.keyinfo.ponder
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.create.keyinfo.ponder=Unknown
# key.pointblack.attachments
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.pointblack.attachments=Unknown
# Open Command
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.command=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.lookPlayer
controllerx.action.inGame.lookPlayer=RightStick
# key.pointblack.firemode
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.pointblack.firemode=Unknown
# Toggle Fullscreen
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.fullscreen=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.openGameMenu
controllerx.action.inGame.openGameMenu=Start
# key.jade.toggle_liquid
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.jade.toggleLiquid=Unknown
# create.keyinfo.
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.create.keyinfo=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.useItem
controllerx.action.inGame.useItem=LeftTrigger
# Take Screenshot
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.screenshot=Unknown
# Load Hotbar Activator
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.loadtoolbaractivator=Unknown
# key.createbigcannons.fire_controlled_cannon
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.createbigcannons.fireControlledCannon=Unknown
# keybinds.bettercombat.toggle_mine_with_weapons
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybinds.bettercombat.toggleMineWithWeapons=Unknown
# key.tacz.inspect.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.inspect.desc=Unknown
# key.plane_yaw_right.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planeYawRight.desc=Unknown
# key.entityculling.toggle
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.entityculling.toggle=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.pickItem
controllerx.action.inGame.pickItem=DpadUp
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.inventory_interaction
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.inventoryInteraction=Unknown
# key.modernfix.config
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.modernfix.config=Unknown
# create.keyinfo.toolbelt
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.create.keyinfo.toolbelt=Unknown
# key.plane_inventory_open.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planeInventoryOpen.desc=Unknown
# key.plane_pitch_up.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planePitchUp.desc=Unknown
# key.tacz.reload.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.reload.desc=Unknown
# key.jetpack.toggle_active.description
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.jetpack.toggleActive.description=Unknown
# railways.keyinfo.bogey_menu
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.railways.keyinfo.bogeyMenu=Unknown
# iris.keybind.reload
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.iris.keybind.reload=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.selectRight
controllerx.action.inGame.selectRight=RightShoulder
# key.tacz.melee.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.melee.desc=Unknown
# key.toms_storage.open_terminal
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tomsStorage.openTerminal=Unknown
# Highlight Players (Spectators)
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.spectatoroutlines=Unknown
# key.plane_pitch_down.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planePitchDown.desc=Unknown
# key.tacz.fire_select.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.fireSelect.desc=Unknown
# supplementaries.keybind.quiver
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.supplementaries.keybind.quiver=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.attack
controllerx.action.inGame.attack=RightTrigger
# key.tacz.aim.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.aim.desc=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 2
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.2=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 1
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.1=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 4
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.4=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 3
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.3=Unknown
# key.create_sa.increase_reach
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.createSa.increaseReach=Unknown
# key.create_sa.flying
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.createSa.flying=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 6
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.6=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 5
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.5=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 8
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.8=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 7
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.7=Unknown
# Hotbar Slot 9
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.hotbar.9=Unknown
# key.pointblack.reload
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.pointblack.reload=Unknown
# key.flansmod.look_at
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.flansmod.lookAt=Unknown
# key.tacz.interact.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.interact.desc=Unknown
# key.pointblack.scope_switch
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.pointblack.scopeSwitch=Unknown
# Advancements
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.advancements=Unknown
# key.valkyrienskies.ship_down
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.valkyrienskies.shipDown=Unknown
# keybinds.bettercombat.feint
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybinds.bettercombat.feint=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.jump
controllerx.action.inGame.jump=A
# key.move_heli_up.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.moveHeliUp.desc=Unknown
# Toggle Perspective
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.toggleperspective=Unknown
# key.jetpack.toggle_hover.description
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.jetpack.toggleHover.description=Unknown
# key.plane_drop_payload.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planeDropPayload.desc=Unknown
# keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.sort
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.keybind.sophisticatedbackpacks.sort=Unknown
# key.flansmod.mode_toggle
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.flansmod.modeToggle=Unknown
# key.create_sa.decrease_reach
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.createSa.decreaseReach=Unknown
# controllerx.action.inGame.openChat
controllerx.action.inGame.openChat=DpadRight
# key.jade.show_overlay
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.jade.showOverlay=Unknown
# key.plane_yaw_left.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.planeYawLeft.desc=Unknown
# key.tacz.zoom.desc
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.tacz.zoom.desc=Unknown
# key.jade.show_details
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.key.jade.showDetails=Unknown
# create.keyinfo.toolmenu
controllerx.action.inGame.minecraft.create.keyinfo.toolmenu=Unknown
